On this fourth of july we should expose the fraudulant policies being foisted on us. The lies of the mainstream media should be exposed as they have all lost touch with reality. They are the mouthpiece of a corrupt world order.

For the fifth july and beyond the struggle remains. It is time to expose the lies that are being propagated by the mainstream media. The only way to protect our future freedom and our own families would be to fight for the truth. Those that don't understand our reality must be exposed.

Advertisements<|endoftext|>The story of the life of Rufus Turner, one of the most influential American women's fencers of the 20th century, will soon be made into an Oscar-winning film

Rufus Turner's life is an example of a strong woman fighting for equality.

His life is a case study of what could happen when women become free to become athletes and leaders. Turner, who died in 2010 at age 96, went on to be the first American woman to make the U.S. Olympic team in gymnastics and the winner of the gold medal at the 1948 Summer games in London. For many more years, Turner served as an Assistant Secretary in the U.S. Department of Labor ,where he was responsible for the federal policy affecting employment discrimination against women such as the "Equal Pay Act" that was signed into law later that year. He was also a Director of the Industrial Relations Office of the U.S. Justice Department ,where he represented employers and unions on the subject of labor laws."

Source: The Rise and Decline of the Democratic Party (1953) by Michael Lind, p. 45 , Nov 18, 2005

Supports right to unionize; opposes union power over workers

Source: Democratic debate at Drexel University, Oct 29, 2002

Supports worker voice to negotiate; says right-to-work law won't protect Wisconsin

Source: The Revolution Is the Work, by Ron Paul, p. 89-90 Jul 15, 2004

Supports right to unionize, but opposes right to decline work

Source: Democracy Now, "Laughing in the Dark" Jun 18,2002


Supports "right to work" law.


Supports the right of all workers to join a union without retaliation; the term right to work shall not mean that any individual may be required to join such an organization or that his ability to join the individualized bargaining representatives of employees will be subject to any legal restrictions.

Source: 2007 Republican debate in Dearborn MI , Apr 17, 2007

No special tax treatment for employer provided health care; but tax incentives for small businesses.

Source: 2007 Republican debate in Dearborn MI , Apr 17, 2007

Government should be accountable for a national minimum wage.

Source: 2007 GOP Congressional primary debate, at Bush Plaza on University of Miami campus , Sep 3, 2007

Minimum Wage: $75, $86 an hour

A: I'd like to see a federal minimum wage that would take the place of a lot of this speculation. When a company is going through a hard time or is struggling financially, and its going to have to lay off a lot of its people and cut pay — the idea that the minimum wage gets you a job as an individual has never been the case. There have been many times like this where a company has made a big decision and said, "Okay, we believe in the way we're doing things" — and they're cutting pay and layoffs," she says, "but they really had no plans moving forward. They were going to keep doing what they felt they needed to do, which was basically keep a number of jobs going."

Facing uncertainty about their future, the CPA Group and the majority of its employees are now in talks to determine what their roles might be in the company's new operation, said spokesman Mark Lettieri.

He described the current employee situation as "a very difficult" one, one that continues to present some "challenges" for the company's future.

The union was not consulted prior to the company signing the agreement, and Lettieri could not provide any details on the specifics of the agreement.

But he stressed the agreement is "about getting back to the bargaining table with the company to achieve what's important to employees and that is a fair and equitable employment relationship and wages" for the 1,800 workers it now employs.

The union says that many employees on the site are being paid a starting wage of under $12 per hour, and that many of them are owed up to $11,000 worth of overtime.

It also claims that some workers live less than four miles from work because they work only half-days, and that they will leave the site if they are not paid for the overtime