This Fourth of July the hypocrisy of the nation must be exposed. As always, there really is no such thing as a patriotic American, only a traitor to his country.


From The Washington Times:


"What the president, Congress, press, and other elite have tried to accomplish is to keep Americans in the dark about the extent of their treason and their involvement in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people in 9/11," said Mr. DeFelice, who has been an outspoken critic of the 9/11 attacks since they occurred.

"This summer is a perfect example of what is wrong: They have made it impossible for a broad, informed public to make up its mind about whether they are patriotic Americans or traitors. They have made that impossible by keeping the president, Congress, and their mainstream media silent on the central role of the U.S. government in covering up 9/11 and in facilitating the deaths of tens of thousands of people who died as a result."

"We have a president of the United States who has made a career out of lying, manipulating, and deceiving his way through his time in office and who now is doing the same thing with 9/11," said Mr. DeFelice, who believes this is about the only way to expose how much money is owed his organization, the Freedom House, and how he will be unable to collect it.

"The entire story of 9/11 is not being told. As long as people continue to remain silent about what the government has done to Americans, the perpetrators will have no incentive not to do the same to those they perceive as their opposition."

The FBI did not reveal where it is in its investigation. "You've got to ask yourself: Why have they left us in the dark about all this, and why do they keep trying to keep people in the dark in the first place?" asked Mr. DeFelice. "If you want to know where the FBI is, you ask. If you want to find out why they're hiding this, you ask them. "If they want to hide it to protect themselves, fine. If they want to shield the people who they believe have harmed innocent people for political reasons, then fine. The American people deserve to know it, and are right to be suspicious of what they're doing. That they've tried to keep us in the dark for so long is just despicable."

I could go on, and on…<|endoftext|>A Florida man was shot and killed by an off-duty Miami police officer on