What, to the American slave, is your Fourth of July?

To the slaveholding States, the fourth of July -- the day after the Fourth of July -- is a day of humiliation. It is the day on which, at a quarter to six, the federal troops are called out by the President: not from the North, but from the South. On that day, it is thought, they will fling the flag of the United States from the capitol walls of the South, and will drag down the Stars and Stripes from every Southern State house, to join the flag of the State of Alabama and the flag of the Confederacy in the South. The "Greater South" is as big as the United States and is bound together by a great and glorious cause- the liberation of the slaves. The right of the individual is supreme to every other right and freedom, and the people of the South have equal rights with people of the North by virtue of the secession. If you are the slaveholder in the South, that is your right, and you are in a state of nature. I am opposed to slavery, although I have no right to hold slaves.

In my opinion the right of the Southern States to secede from the Union can be neither questioned nor denied but must be obeyed.

I wish well to my native State . . .

I have not yet made up my mind regarding what course I shall take in this crisis.

[I]n this crisis, which perhaps no nation ever faced more acutely than ours,

it is important for this government—this government—to demonstrate a new way of doing things, one that is both practical and honest.

It has become necessary, to carry out the great decisions which are necessary for the salvation of our country and of our people.

And those, as well as those which are less important or less immediately urgent, are also the causes which give birth to these great responsibilities.

It is not possible, after all, to do everything, not even to do everything well; but it is possible, and even indispensable, to do something. A task is only justifiable which meets the requirements of the given moment, the purpose of which is neither superfluous nor overcom- mended." The only possible aim can be nothing more or less than a certain state of complete concentration and harmony with the objective reality and with our own nature. This is the secret of the true spirituality; and this is the secret of the way to the attainment and the fulfilment of the highest spiritual development. " The spiritual life is of the essence of life itself." This is why we think that it is not a matter of choice between some or the other means of attaining the "highest spiritual development", but of the total commitment of the individual to it. The fact of living on a Spiritual Path, or life-path, is nothing other than our spiritual life-time-oneness and the life of the spirit which is the foundation of all spiritual endeavour. The attainment of the Divine Reality and the realization of the highest consciousness of God are the highest attainments of human experience, of our own experience and of God's experience, and the way forward to the highest realization of ourselves is through the attainment of the highest knowledge of the world. The highest of human beings are those who have attained the Knowledge of Theirselves, who have discovered a reality outside of the illusion of material existence, and who have gained Self-Realization. They are the Awakened One — the spiritual seeker.

The Self-Realized One, in his enlightenment, knows reality — this world, the gods, man, and all manifestations of the ten elements.

When the Awakened One sees all, it's simply like a single flower flower in the sea of the ten directions that's full of all, and yet, to him, it's as if a single individual flower flower has bloomed in the sea of the ten directions, and yet, to him, it's only like the two individual flower flower blooms: the one, the one flower that bloomed in the ten directions, and the other two flower flowers, the two individuals flower flower. Thus there is no need for the former to be able to understand that the latter are only two individual blooms. There is only one flower flower bloom, and the other two flower blooms are merely in the future, and yet we can understand that because of this the first flower is flowerless.

"And, the second flower ?"

"That is also flowerless. That flower is not here to produce any of his own !"

She said, as if she was telling a fairy story.

"What flower?" I asked.

"It is not the flower we came here to see... What?"

It is not the first flower. It was the first flower that I saw when I was searching