This Fourth of July is yours, not mine. You may rejoice, I must mourn. The feeling of the nation must be quickened; the conscience of the nation must be roused; the propriety of the nation must be startled; the hypocrisy of the nation must be exposed; and its crimes against God and man must be proclaimed and denounced. If there be time enough to go over this great Republic once more, if there are two hours between the conclusion of its session and its commencement, I will read a few paeans of praise; I will say what is required; I will express an opinion; I will condemn; I will praise; I will condemn all that has been or is now done in this government from the very first line and even to the very last. But no, not in two hours. Why not? It is true I could go over it if I came up that night, but I do not come up, and, if I had not some business to transact which calls for immediate attention, I would be glad to have a little time to read and think.

There has been much talk of my coming to the United States. A few days ago there were papers all over the North about my going away. No man is so ignorant as not to feel the interest of the country. The people of the United States have been the best friends and most effective helpers of the Republic, by its laws, the Constitution, and by its example. The Republican Party has never failed to honor the country at every period of its existence in every part of the world, and never suffered its principles of patriotism or religion to be trampled on. There is no government on earth which has done more to protect the civil rights of women and to prevent and punish all forms of prostitution; no government has taken more pains to make the poor and disinherited respectable than the Republican Government did.

But to make the Senate and the House of Representatives the representatives of that country which rules them, the nation has to be organized on the principles of Democracy. They have no power over the lives, liberties, rights, or properties of Americans who have been born within its territory; and I am the first man who will tell you that every body has a right to go where and when he pleases under the Constitution. I do not believe they can make laws or make up any constitution on the subjects which are most affecting to this country—the tariff, the currency, the internal polity. I believe that power rightfully belongs to the people, and when I am asked if any man has a right to go to New York and take up office there for a term not exceeding four years, I answer: "No."

It matters not in what part of the world a man or nation resides, nor in what part of the world he is to reside in the future, whether he is to rule over one people or many. If he is to have any share in governing his own people, he must be a citizen of his country; and I know I am not. I am not a citizen of the Republic of the Congo and, what is more, I would vote against its admission into the Republic of the United States.

When a man tells you he is a citizen—I do not think I ever heard a man say that; and even if he did, he means I know what that is, he is a citizen of something, but to me that is nothing, the name tells me nothing; and when a man says he is a member of the Republican party he means some party, but it is always the Democratic party, which has no more power over me to determine when I shall be the subject of its proceedings in the Senate than the members of the House of Lords have over Parliament.

In my opinion the time has come when the Constitution and the republican principles which undergird it should be made the basis—the ground on which we are to elect our officers and representatives—the only subjects upon which this or any government should act are the protection of our persons and property, the defense, the preservation, the promotion of our religion, the well-being of our citizens and property, and the protection of our country. These are the subjects upon which the republican principles should be the foundation of our government, and the more I have studied this Government and all its works, the more I have agreed with the great men who gave their lives in defending these principles, as I do with the great men who died in trying to establish them. Every great cause starts with great men and then progresses. In the name of God I am for liberty, and in the name of justice and virtue I hope to be a Republican.<|endoftext|>In an attempt to be more in-depth about the design of the new PS4 Pro than its launch trailer suggested, PS4 Pro head of R&D Mark Cerny talked to me about the tech, its specs, and how it will change gameplay – including the idea that even if you're using a 1080p HDTV, the console won't look much better.

"It's not enough to just look really, really big," Cerny said. "People are going to be in this room with this high resolution TV and be like, 'How the heck does anybody see this?'" That's the first problem: the PS4 Pro is running