What, to the American slave, is your Fourth of July?

To the slaveholding States, the fourth of July -- the day after the Fourth of July -- is a day of humiliation. It is the day on which, at a quarter to six, the federal troops are called out by the President: or else, at a quarter to eight, he sends out the militia: or else, at a quarter to ten, he sends out the regular troops, who march into the city. I have seen such a day. But when I reflect about it, I can scarcely believe it. You will say, at any rate, the militia are at his absolute command, and, if he has any idea of any danger from them, they give him the most effectual security. I answer, that the mere presence of the army and navy within his borders, is sufficient to confine the people under his absolute direction and protection; as it is to enslave them. Were the militia and naval force removed from our country, the people, by that means, would be at the mercy of any power, from whatever quarter they may originate.

I cannot doubt that the people had an equal right with the King, who held their fate in his hands, to decide what were and were not treasonous charges, as the same was in force against him for carrying laws concerning them, to effect the same in cases of rebellion. In truth, by the laws of this country, they were entitled to the same protection that the King had under his charter and statute of limitations. They had, as was now established by the act establishing their rights, been emancipated. But the court, instead of giving them this benefit, allowed them as much liberty as they were in danger of losing. But if an emancipated negro was free to escape from one of these State prisons to join a black slave in another State, it was necessary that the slave-master should be personally prosecuted for that escape. And yet in this case, the evidence showed, that the slave-master himself, when he was about five years old, had escaped from a State prison from which he had been confined for stealing a horse. Now, suppose that he had been tried on a case of that description, did anybody think he would have been found guilty ? He was not only innocent; he was a free man, and the State had no authority over him, although they held him as a slave. But it is very different with the negroes. There is not the least doubt in the world whether slavery is sanctioned by the law of God, that is, whether it is established on moral principles. God himself has declared as much. And this is the most significant fact in our whole history, and it has been a subject to which almost nothing has been said. It was so for the most part in the days of Antigonus Severus (564). The Christian leaders of Christendom looked upon the whole question of human bondage as a question as to the morality of the slave. They maintained slavery to be immoral, and therefore unlawful, for they could not see why the slave should be forced by the master to pay a tax (a tax which was payable to him) for the use of a right which ought to belong only to the slave, and for the master's use. It was, therefore, argued (I say they were urged, though I have good reason to think they had not the slightest influence), that the laws of every civilized nation, with the exception of a few colonial communities, had uniformly prohibited this inhuman practice, of which they had only, if I may so express myself, tacitly tolerated it, and had now fully and thoroughly abolished its practice. This is an untenable doctrine. The negro is certainly free in the eyes of society; the American settlers would have done well to have seen him free. But the fact, that society, in its infinite wisdom, has not so placed the negro as to confer absolute freedom on him, would, no doubt, cause the white America to complain of slavery as being a crime against humanity. In the long run, it is certain that slavery will go on, even by the best efforts of society. The fact that it cannot be forever extinguished shows that all is not quite well.

It is true that as it has now been practiced in its various forms for over four hundred years, white men are generally much better off than Negroes. But the fact remains that in proportion to white numbers the share of Negroes holding high office in America, and the very large proportion of Negroes in the labor force, suggest that the Negro population of the United States is not, on the whole, as well off as the white." [3]
The only way that an increase in Negro slavery could be accomplished is if it were possible in the absence of laws against it, without interference from the political powers, by the use of force. 
We all know the history of this, yet