This Fourth of July the hypocrisy of the nation must be exposed. As always, there really is no such thing as a patriotic American, only a traitor to his country.


From The Washington Times:


A new poll by the U.S. Public Interest Research Group (USPIRG) found that the nation's largest companies pay their CEOs an average of $15 million more than their employees.
The top 200 companies that were surveyed by USPIRG reported an average cash bonus of $15 million, which is higher than the salary for all of the median workers in the country. The average CEO bonus is $1 .4 million.

The "super" CEO at the top of the list has earned $865 million in pay, an average of $6.4 million per year. The rest of the top ten also earned more than $200 million.

In fact, the typical CEO makes close to $25 million dollars per year, twice the typical worker.

So how is this so?

It is because the government and the corporations have stolen from the American worker for decades, systematically cutting his pay, stealing his savings, and exploiting his labor:

The government itself pays most of the wages of federal workers, while other workers must pay part or all of their own social security and Medicare premiums and Medicare taxes themselves… This is a direct assault on the very fabric of American society. Yet what this bill does is it says that if you take on the government, you will be punished. That's wrong and it makes no sense at all. It's like telling a man walking past a burning building how to get out of the building, and telling him to use his hands. He should simply jump out with his own. This is a case for saying that no other factor can influence the outcome in an experiment, since the person making that "impulsive" choice will know there is another choice. That is, it is not true that there is some sort of logical connection between the two. In fact, if this were the case, then it would be irrational to choose one thing over another.

There have been a number of attempts to derive the existence of objective moral truths from "natural law." There is, for example, J. Ligneau's argument in the 1794 Enquête Philosophique that the laws of political economy and politics are simply laws of moral obligation, if nothing else, did not prevent him from thinking that if the state can lawfully impose and enforce an obligation on the individual, it can lawfully compel the agent to perform the obligation.

I have argued that it is an impermissible requirement for one who is morally obligated to live by an agreement to be bound by that agreement. The same is true for a person who is morally obligated to pay a debt. If one is morally obligated to pay a debt, the obligation will be extinguished after a certain period of time. The obligation can also be extinguished at the time of a foreclosure