What, to the American slave, is your Fourth of July?

To the slaveholding States, the fourth of July -- the day after the Fourth of July -- is a day of humiliation. It is the day on which, at a quarter to six, the federal troops are called out by the President: at this day, the slaveholding States are declared "in rebellion." [This was not true in the case of the states that seceded in the Civil War under the protection of the Union but were seceded again during the Reconstruction era under the threat of secession by the Federal Government. As in the former case, the declaration of the states as "in rebellion" was not a legal document at the time its validity was challenged.] The same is found in the case of States that have seceded and have not yet formed States. So that the Constitution could be made a part of the Government of these States which had seceded if they should so unite, but this was not done in any of them.

In the last case, the right to make war was taken from the individuals and placed in Congress. The war-making power was given, but not the power of making peace. To carry out this plan, Congress was made an independent power. The States therefore became nothing, but the States, and thus Congress became independent of State legislatures.

When the war in France was brought to an issue by the intervention of the United States, it was essential that the United States should be the dominant party. After these considerations were arranged, however, the question was then removed from the power exercised by the states (whether the war was made in their best interests, as it had been in other countries), and placed entirely on the part of the United States. There was nothing more that required to be done than to recognize the validity of the treaty."

That's right. In other words, all the arguments in support of a foreign invasion can be reduced to the assertion that the United States is "no more than a passive receiver" and the Constitution (or the Declaration of Independence) "does not have the force it has in order to prevent it."

This argument is fundamentally flawed and has been rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court countless times in the past.

First, the Supreme Court ruled in 1877 in Ex parte Virginia, that the Federal Constitution does not "limit any State's power to enact such laws as are necessary to prevent the encroachment of its power or to provide for the public safety."[ii] Thus, the right to vote is "a right secured by the Constitution, not an attribute which may be derived from it."[iii]

The decision in Ex parte Virginia and the subsequent Supreme Court case of Mapp v. Ohio in 1869 did not significantly affect the ability of States to restrict the franchise to the wealthiest citizen, but did help to bring to completion the push into direct federal power to provide a remedy for the social distress of the era.

In 1885 Wisconsin and Michigan ratified the 16th Amendment, which extended the vote to free white males over 21 (although the amendment didn't go into effect for another decade). Federalism played a key role in extending the right to vote to blacks at the end of the 19th century.

In 1887, Minnesota became the 24th state to ratify the amendment, and then it went to work making it a reality. By 1896, there were 14 states — with the majority of them in the South — that had ratified the amendment permanently.

This means that all the states in the nation except North Dakota voted for it in a single election. On the day that ratification was cast, the total of states were 13. Seven states voted against it, including Massachusetts which later in the century voted for it. The only state which voted for it in the year of ratification, was Mississippi in 1890.

The states of the Union then voted separately on the constitutional amendment in the fall of 1890 and the vote was split three to three and three to two in favor of it.

"The people of the nine states have rejected a proposed amendment to the Constitution which makes the government of the United States and the Legislature thereof a corporation. On the 30th of August, 1900, the Congress of the United States convened for the purpose of adopting the amendment to regulate the election of members of the Legislature. The amendment was proposed by the State of Tennessee, which has twice before proposed the same amendment, having lost both before reaching a vote, the last time in 1866, and in 1876 it again lost by two to one. The election of a member of the Legislature is the oldest and most important of our State institutions, dating from the formation of the Colonies when each was established. If it were not for the Legislature we should have no other constitutional institution to speak of in the States, and with the exception of the executive the President, and Congress, the judiciary