 kidnapped by six men, all wearing masks and armed with knives. We were tortured for over two days. When the kidnappers left, we were given to a truck and taken to a forest. I had no bread at all. One of the kidnappers told me if we had not been so afraid of the knife and the forest, we would have had our throats cut. After we entered the forest a second group of kidnappers led us to a barn. They told us: You are not going to be killed. We were left there and they released the other prisoners. These were some of the same men who were holding the detainees. The men were young, around 16, 17 years old, with very large muscles and long, slender fingers. They had been trained in the use of weapons. We were brought at night. In the morning the kidnappers took us to a small village. They beat us up, but we managed to escape.

All of the detainees said they were tortured by the same men in the forest. They were not tortured in a separate room for each individual. The same thing was done to the other detainees. The head of the KLA forces for the region, Mammad Ismail, said: "The detainees were put into a room with a wooden floor, lined with wood. There were 20 men. The men were blindfolded, and the head of the detention unit told us that every time someone started to scream, they were tortured until he was unconscious. We used electric cables and knives. There was no way of stopping ourselves when we began to scream. After a few minutes we started to think. We shouted and called for help. We also called out to the village and people came to make sure there were no bombs. We told them our problems and told them we were going into exile. After a couple of hours, we lost consciousness. We awoke in a forest."

There were only 25 men taken. Most of them had been beaten.

There was no way of knowing if the men were innocent until they could see each other again. The first day the boys were led around and taken to another village. The next day they were brought to Al-Malik, a city about 12 km west of the Syrian border. As many as 100 detainees from this region were held at a detention center in this city. The men were blindfolded and taken to the forest for interrogation. The first time they were asked about their political affiliations, and then whether they had ever traveled to fight against the government.

After a couple of days in the forest, the group was led to Bostan, a small village with the same name near the Turkish border. There they were told that the men had been taken to Turkey and had been taken to the Syrian embassy in Istanbul. There, they were kept in a room with about 200 other Syrian detainees. Another group of detainees from Al-Malik was brought to this city too.

In the early morning of the second day, five of the detainees from Al-Malik and Bostan asked to go to sleep. The group of 25 men, led by Ahmad Al-Khalat, then returned to the woods to sleep. The following morning all 25 were taken to the forest again and were told that they were taken to the Syrian embassy in Ankara.

Several sources have described the first few days of the detention center at Al-Maliki as "a nightmare." Al-Maliki prisoners say that the interrogators often threatened to rape the women. Some of the male detainees had their wrists broken with metal bars in the interrogation rooms. In this prison, some of the male prisoners were subjected to the sexual and physical abuse of other prisoners. One prisoner said he witnessed the abuse of a 17-year old male during a night-time interrogation.

The men were taken to Al-Maliki after they had been tortured in the detention center in Bostan. Most of the men were interrogated there for four to five days. They were questioned about whether they had traveled to Syria to fight. Some of the men were also arrested and held for eight or nine months in separate prisons.

One of the most common forms of torture is electric shock. If prisoners did not obey the interrogators, guards held them down against the wall of the interrogation room. Their faces were taped to a small cardboard box that served as an electric box and the interrogator struck the box repeatedly. The prisoners were also deprived of food and water.

Many of the men held in this detention center said that they were beaten until they were unconscious. They were not given any food and were given only water through a hole in the bottom of the interrogation room. If the interrogator threatened them with death, he would make a threatening gesture with his right hand, which they were warned not to do again. If any man did not comply with the interrogator's request, he could be beaten with a plastic pipe until he was unconscious. The interrogators also threatened to behead them or bury them alive. These interrogators threatened the men with death because they were Muslims and because they were against the Assad regime and the revolution.

A man who called himself Abdel-Hamid was a 25-year old from Al-Maliki and a member of the Free Syrian Army (FSA). At the time of his arrest, he was the commander in charge of the al-Tawhid Brigade in the countryside west of Damascus. He told Human Rights Watch how he was tortured at al-Maliki.

When I was in detention, I was interrogated by two men from the Syrian intelligence service, General Nusra Front. One of them was a Syrian national, who did not speak Arabic. He was wearing an army uniform and gave off a strong and dangerous-looking presence. He did not have an accent in Arabic, but his accent was deep and very obvious. My friend called him "Mister" because of this. He was very violent and started beating me. After a few minutes, my captors decided we had nothing to talk about and left me alone. My friend found me and found that his friend had escaped.

Three days later, General Ammar al-Zohbi, the head of the Syrian intelligence service, visited me. He gave me a choice. I chose to remain to help defend my country and defend the revolution; or I chose to quit because I did not want to be a burden for the revolutionaries. General Ammar also gave me a choice: to defect to the Free Syrian Army or to stay. I chose the second option; I want to remain and fight to protect my country. General Ammar gave me a bag and told me to keep it in his office so that no one in the intelligence service would ever find the bag.

In the end, General Ammar decided that I should stay to fight for my country. After this, General Ammar told the interrogators that if I felt threatened or if I wanted to defect, they should tell his officials. If I did, I can leave the detention center on my own. If not, they should continue torturing me until I leave or die, he said.

At that time I was already a prisoner of Syria. I was not a citizen of Syria. I knew the regime well. As long as they beat me, I could not change my mind. So it was very obvious to me that I should defect.

After the first four days of torture, after General Ammar left, I was placed in a small room with two other prisoners who worked for security services. They beat us and tortured us. The two prisoners were brothers. One of them was about 35 years old and the other was about 23 years old. The two brothers said they were born in the village of Al-Hader, and that their father was a member of the Syrian Air Force. The father and the brothers came to Syria from Lebanon where his father worked as a contractor that supplied the Syrian armed forces. The father used to go to Lebanon every month and bring back cash and other valuable items. The two brothers told me that at least one of his brothers was transferred to Syria in November 2012 and in October 2014 he joined the Free Syrian Army to fight the regime. The brothers said they left Lebanon and joined Syria when opposition forces reached Al-Hader. They told me that the first day they came to Syria, they were taken by the Syrian army from their home in the village of Al-Hader and killed in the presence of General Ammar. The brothers told me that they did not know their relatives in Lebanon, so they did not know if their family could help them. As a result of the killing, one of the brothers had a gunshot to the head and the other wound on his cheek and shoulder.

A few days passed after they murdered their family and were transferred by the local security services to al-Maliki. They were accused because they were suspected of giving shelter or sheltering fighters and militants from other countries.

We remained in al-Maliki for two to three days. I was there from the morning to the following morning until they left through my window. During this time, at least six other detainees arrived from the general prison in the neighborhood west of al-Maliki. The day after they arrived, we were taken out, blindfolded, and put on a bus to Damascus. After a few minutes' ride, I learned that the bus had already left for Aleppo. They put us on another bus, this time to the city of Damascus. We were transferred there to a prison in Damascus called Atareb. I was the only detainee on the bus.

When I arrived at Atareb, one of my companions, Ali, told me to sit next to a man and he told me that his name was Ali and he was the commander of the prison. Then, several interrogators, armed security service, came from around the building, and another detainee and his family were brought to us. We were transferred to another room where five other detainees were held. I was told that there was no one in charge of Atareb. As for my family, they were taken away in a prison in the nearby Damascus suburb called Al-Qusayr. During the two to three days we were at Atareb, the prisoners were in the basement of their cells, which were covered with shabby, yellow carpets. The guards entered into the cells and beat us, sometimes in the face, sometimes with their fists or a rubber stick, but always with more or less force. They told the detainees that they were suspected terrorists and should confess, but they couldn't.

In the days after they were released from Atareb, one of my companions told me that the army was attacking the prisons, and that the regime wanted people to get on the streets and confront them while they were searching for armed detainees and prisoners.

One day, we heard that a detainee had escaped and was hiding in the forest in the nearby town of al-Mara'a. We went there and came across his brother. I recognized him because he had a small hole in his shirt where the guard of the prison had cut out his own eye.

Ali, who was our guard, then asked for our contact numbers and then said that he would contact General Ammar on my behalf. He said that he saw a photo that had been posted in some social media account of General Ammar and said that I should contact Ammar so that he could rescue me from the prison.

Ammar is a brother of my family's neighbor and a brother of one of my roommates in Damascus. Ammar was a police man for almost 20 years for my cousin. As to what led Ammar to rescue me, I couldn't say. It seems to me that it was to gain an advantage for his own personal situation.

I then contacted an attorney and told him about my case. I called him on the cell phone he gave to me and told him how much it was hurtful for our families to go through this. The attorney said that my case is similar to the fate that the former president, Hafez Assad, and his family went through when he was arrested. I told him that I would be pleased to see General Ammar in Damascus and that I wanted him to help me and the other detainees like us, to save my life and my family's lives.

I told the attorney what had happened to me and how it felt to be held by the state for nearly five months, and how it felt to be beaten, humiliated, and in danger while I waited for General Ammar's phone calls to come. The attorney then told me that people like Ammar were common in the police and army. He explained to me that, while the situation for detainees in the hands of the state was bad, the situation for civilians in the military was worse. He told me that the military was a big family to him. He explained how when it came to soldiers' families, he and the officers and their soldiers went out of their way to make sure that everyone received a fair hearing, which in turn affected the military officers.

The attorney told me that General Ammar was a very good man who knew how to help the people who needed it, but I didn't know that because it wasn't talked about. He said that people in the military always wanted to come to me. I was grateful to him for taking a risk for me.

The attorney told me to go to the local university, the Syrian Academy of Arts and Sciences, and request an appointment. I went there, and I met with a psychiatrist, Dr. Mahmoud Badar, who treated the students who were held at the school. He was very kind to me and said that he had known my family since I was small. He introduced me to some psychologists and social workers, as well as several medical and psychiatric experts.

We sat and spoke for two hours and Dr. Badar made me feel at ease. He asked me about my family, my life in Damascus, my work in school, and my personal life. The most interesting thing was that the doctor asked me about my background, my family, and my work—all about myself. In a way, that day opened up so many things for me. I started talking to my family.

When we finished, Dr. Badar said he needed to ask some questions of me. I asked him if I could speak to the children of President Bashar al-Assad's daughters, Asma and Fatima. He allowed that. When I met with Theodry and Thefa, I asked them to ask some questions of me, too. The first was, "What has your life been like since you're in the army?" The answer was, "What I want you to ask is, what has your life been like since you're in the army?" The next day I was allowed to go to the academy to take some tests.

I was terrified. In a way, I had felt my first time was coming, but now I felt something else. The students at the academy showed me how to take a test. I was afraid of the tests, and they were very thorough. I felt so weak. The academy also allowed me to write my answers. When I was given the exams, I realized that I was wrong, and I was ashamed. When I saw them, I asked myself, "What did I do to deserve this?"

After the exams, I went to the clinic—they were taking the measurements and making sure that I was ready to take the military and police exams, too. I was still shaking when I got there—not even able to smile. They were testing me to make sure that my test results wouldn't fall from the sky.

A doctor gave me an injection of penicillin and said, "In five days, when you come back, you should be feeling better." They told me they were going to keep me for six more months. They said I could go back if I felt better.

This was the first time I visited a military hospital.

I went back in March 2014 to visit General Ammar. I was waiting at the gate and his driver said to me, "Salaam, do you have to wait for this one?" I said, "I'm not here for anything except to see the general." The driver said, "He's going to call you."

He came and met me at the entrance and took me down to the basement where he told me that General Ammar hadn't seen me for a long time, but that he was waiting on his phone. He said that General Ammar had called to ask me to come before any of the other detainees.

I sat on the bench next to General Ammar and he asked if I was ready. He told me that the officers were waiting for me in a conference room. So I went to the door to go inside. Some of them came with other soldiers and forced me back down into the basement. Then I was taken out of the room. While other interrogators were waiting, a nurse entered my room. I asked her, "What is the condition of the officer?" She replied, "He's in bed in a hospital." At that moment, a soldier came out of the room and said, "I was here!"